today's video is brought to you by
Squarespace please stick around after
the sketch to see another sketch that
happens to be paid for
[Music]
hey cadet bar your ears for a second
what's up
which melody sounds better is it this
one
[Music]
this one
hmm the second one for sure yeah that's
weird I was kind of hoping you were
gonna say the first one I mean that
one's good too but you like the second
one better yeah you know what I think
I'm gonna need a second opinion hey
Brian
yo where's one sounds better is it this
one
or is it this one
[Music]
yeah they're both fine wait which one do
you prefer I like the second one
personally Wow why'd you say that now
his opinions gonna be all tainted oh
it's not I sincerely don't have a
preference but if you were to choose one
maybe combine the two I don't know it
wasn't an option
yeah just smush them together like a
music sandwich like a music sandwich not
an option can't we just like flip a coin
good thinking ah snap I forgot I have my
quarter sharpened what what do you mean
what you sharpen your quarters you don't
why would anybody do that because it's
impolite not to okay you can't just go
around handing out dull quarters to
people Daniel okay not to be that guy
but you are the tiebreaker and we do
need to solve this melody problem just
keep playing them back-to-back and I'll
make my decision okay promise great
on a sec
[Music]
the first one better now right me too
so the first one that the first one the
first one sweet
should we take you to a hospital it was
nice meeting you Daniel
here take a business card oh that's
alright don't worry I've got plenty
do you have a website I've thought about
it you know you can just get a 14-day
free trial on Squarespace and have a
website like today right yeah and I can
hook you up when you're ready to launch
you just go to Squarespace comm / Daniel
Fraser and then you use code Daniel
Thrasher for 10% off your first purchase
look I'm sure it's way more complicated
than that
really not hey I'm gonna let you in on a
little secret okay I like to talk about
doing things and then not do those
things you could have a website ready in
like 10 minutes
yeah don't be that guy on your voice on
the internet and get started with
Squarespace today by clicking the link
in the description